Hey everyone! Wes here. You know what they don't tell you about growing up?
Okay, sure there's a lot of things, but one
especially heartbreaking fact is that summer break stops existing once you're done with school. *whispers* poof, gone forever.
I miss summer break.
It was one of the best parts about being a kid
It was more than just three months between every school year. It was a magical window of time for freedom,
discovery, and
endless possibilities. And even though school's, out there were plenty of lessons to be had. Literally.
One of my favorites was swimming lessons. Now
I don't want to brag, but I feel like I picked up swimming pretty naturally. After just a few lessons,
I possessed the speed, grace, and agility of a...
kronosaurus.
What? I like dinosaurs a lot.
Fine, dolphin. I possessed the speed, grace, and agility of a dolphin.
At least that's how I imagine myself. The thing is when you're 11,
there's not a whole lot you feel confident about. So for once, when I felt like I was above average at something, it was awesome.
One day, after I finished some exercises before everyone else, I had a particularly pleasant moment to myself.
As I floated there in the corner of the pool, I felt a sense of achievement,
peace, and
something else I couldn't quite pinpoint.
You know how they say physical activity releases endorphins, which make you feel happy?
Maybe it was that.
But it wasn't.
The sensation would come and go in waves, and each time it did, I felt like I understood it better.
It felt like a cool gentle breeze,
except under the water.
Weird. I adjusted my swim trunks, still unable to place my finger on it, until I
placed my finger on it. Where there was once fabric, there was flesh. The flesh of my left butt cheek.
I finally solved the mystery. Somehow, there was a huge tear on the back of my trunks that basically exposed
everything
How did this happ- How long had it been like that? Did I swim too hard? Was it simply poor swim trunk
construction? The only conclusion I made was that I couldn't keep swimming. I had to save myself and everyone else from indecent exposure.
The best place to be was right there in the corner, with my butt to the wall.
But I knew I couldn't stay there. And now the other kids were finishing, and the next exercises were about to start.
Time was running out, and I... I
had to get out.
The pool ladder was my best bet. I'd have to strategically time my exits so that my butt had maximum
wall coverage and minimal public exposure. As I made my way over, I kept feeling that cool
gentle breeze grazed my skin, again and again. When I finally got to the ladder,
I made one final glance around to make sure no eyes were on me. With my back against the wall,
I climbed the ladder until my top half was out of water, then made a quick 180 pivot for the remaining climb before speeding to
my towel. I grabbed it, wrapped it around myself, and both cheeks were triumphantly reunited with soft cotton. *exhales* Ahhhh...
Well, it had been a long, dreadful, even exhilarating afternoon, but I was so ready to go home.
*clock ticks* No, impossible.
HOW?
How did only five minutes pass since I got out of the pool? Then, the sad reality began to set in my mind.
My swimming lesson had just started, and it would be another two hours until my dad would pick me up.
Time stood still. I saw every moment of my life passed with
ironically obscured clarity.
Slowly sinking to a thick cloud of
infinite, existential limbo. Yeah, for two hours
I contemplated life, and how somehow my situation out of the water felt worse than when I was in.
What did I do to deserve this?
Thankfully, my dad arrived before I had to answer that question.
I'm not sure if I told him what happened that day. To be honest,
I don't remember a lot, because the whole swimwear malfunction traumatized me for life.
Just kidding. I'm good. If anything, I realized now how much I've changed and progressed.
I mean just think about it. 20 years ago,
I was too embarrassed to tell even one person about my exposed naked butt. And now, here
I am telling three million people. I
guess everything's better in
hindsight.
Hopefully you guys enjoyed that. This is actually a continuation of a collab we did a while back with Domics called "Awksome Adventures". We're
bringing it back with five new awkwardly awesome stories over the next month.
Shout out to Dom for bringing it all to life, and we'll see you next week. Bye!